Update doc: prestart and poststart playbooks (#105)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack: template/dev/README.md

You may edit the `99-override.hcl` or add you own.
Any valid configuration added to these directories will be added and lexically merged.

## Running code. Pre- and post-startup playbooks

> There are two directories called `playbooks/prestart` and `playbooks/poststart`.  
> These will run ansible tasks before and after the hashistack is started,  
> and the syntax in the [example](/playbooks/prestart/0-example.yml) must be followed..  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This vagrantbox will execute ansible playbooks put in two special directories `conf/ansible/playbooks/prestart` and `conf/ansible/playbooks/poststart`. This gives the flexibility to configure all aspects of the hashistack as well as run tasks needed for tests or demo purposes as part of `vagrant up` Note; The playbooks are included into the main run, so the syntax in the [example](/playbooks/prestart/0-example.yml) must be followed..  
```
